MTM-52868 Added information on versioningMatrix for packages. (#1122)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/microfrontends-bundle/add-a-custom-widget-with-plugin.md

  - `path`: The path to the TypeScript file with the module. Since the file is nested, use the following path: *./widget/widget-plugin.module.ts*.
  - `description`: A brief description of what the module does.
- `contextPath`: The context path tells on which URL your plugin can be loaded. As this is also used to generate a global variable, choose a valid JavaScript variable. For example, your `contextPath` should not start with a number. To avoid conflicts it is a good practice to add a prefix to your context path, for example, the acronym of your company: `acme-`.

> - `versioningMatrix`: Optional field which indicates the supported package versions and the recommended frontend and backend platform versions. If the package is not compatible with any of the recommended platform versions a warning is shown. The matrix must have the following format and all versions must be SemVer. For example: `versioningMatrix: [{"1.0.0": {"api": ">1016.0.0", "sdk": ">1016.0.0"}}, {"2.0.0": {"api": ">1017.0.0", "sdk":">1017.0.0"}}]`. In case of repository-connect, versions which exist in the platform but are not included in the versioning matrix are removed during sync.

Author: ```suggestion
- `versioningMatrix`: Optional field which indicates the supported package versions and the recommended frontend and backend platform versions. If the package is not compatible with any of the recommended platform versions a warning is shown. The matrix must have the following format and all versions must be [SemVer](https://semver.org/). For example: `versioningMatrix: [{"1.0.0": {"api": ">1016.0.0", "sdk": ">1016.0.0"}}, {"2.0.0": {"api": ">1017.0.0", "sdk":">1017.0.0"}}]`. In case of repository-connect, versions which exist in the platform but are not included in the versioning matrix are removed during sync.
```

> - `versioningMatrix`: Optional field which indicates the supported package versions and the recommended frontend and backend platform versions. If the package is not compatible with any of the recommended platform versions a warning will be shown. The matrix must have the following format and all versions must be SemVer. For example: `versioningMatrix: [{"1.0.0": {"api": ">1016.0.0", "sdk": ">1016.0.0"}}, {"2.0.0": {"api": ">1017.0.0", "sdk":">1017.0.0"}}]`. In case of repository-connect, versions existing in the platform, but not included in the versioning matrix will be removed during sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `versioningMatrix`: Optional field which indicates the supported package versions and the recommended frontend and backend platform versions. If the package is not compatible with any of the recommended platform versions a warning is shown. The matrix must have the following format and all versions must be SemVer. For example: `versioningMatrix: [{"1.0.0": {"api": ">1016.0.0", "sdk": ">1016.0.0"}}, {"2.0.0": {"api": ">1017.0.0", "sdk":">1017.0.0"}}]`. In case of repository-connect, versions which exist in the platform but are not included in the versioning matrix are removed during sync.
```

a link on "SemVer" might be useful, maybe this one?
https://semver.org/
